# Atomatic-covers-for-grain-draying-
Abstract: This idea is going to help the farmers and play's main key role in farming. This working model will work on the drying the grains Due to the need for plastic covers to protect grain from rain, our machine will help farmers dry grain properly during a rainy season  • Introduction: Agriculture plays a vital role in the Indian economy. Over 70 percent of rural households depend on agriculture Agriculture is an important sector of the indian economy as It contributes about 17% to the total Gross domestic product (GDP) and provides employment to over 60% of the population. In India, the grains are cultivated more so they need to dry properly. Grains are dried under sunlight, weather will not be suitable in some seasons like rainy seasons. Grains are not dried property they get spolled and can't be stored in e rainy session, grains need to be covered with plastic covers and are not dried properly so our machine will help farmers to dry grains.  Grains  24-03-2022  +  三  • Working Essentially the project will be an Arduino-based project that will cover the seeds with plastic and forecast the weather with a temperature, moisture meter, windmeter. This information is passed to Arduino Uno which will operate the whole machine to prevent the seeds  from being exposed to the rain.  The technology used for implementation: lo  technology is used in the project • Existing system: No existing machine that uses this technique currently exists  Budget Arduino UNO 410, weather sensor (Robado module) 140: plastic sheet 20, DC  Motors 100: Steel rod 10. • Power conception: 12V (Transformer inside) Methodology Arduano UNO, weather sensor,  plastic sheet, DC motors and one steel rod,  • Conclusion: machine decrease grains damage from  the rain drying of grains will become easy for farmers in all seasons, the machine is simple to use. economically feasible and no training is needed • Future enhancement machine along with a CCTV  camere to see the drying process of the grains
